Ruby agent docs updates (#11703)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/ruby-release-notes/ruby-agent-8130.mdx

releaseDate: '2022-11-15'
version: 8.13.0
downloadLink: 'https://rubygems.org/downloads/newrelic_rpm-8.13.0.gem'

> features: ["Updated Rack, Redis, and Sidekiq instrumentation"]

Reviewer: Were there specific new versions supported? Those might be helpful for customers. I think you could also break this up into three different entries, one per library.

Author: [Added](https://github.com/newrelic/docs-website/pull/11703/commits/f755804b3a1fea8abcd87d362cc92a4c34c3ea03#diff-71fa490ba702e8d76a6fbe656dffad8534dc06177bd2d50b9772027857a5463dR6) the versions and a little more info for Sidekiq

> features: ["Add support for Redis v5.0", "Add support for Sidekiq v7.0", "Update Rack v3.0 instrumentation to support the use of a block with Rack::Builder#run"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
features: ["Add support for Redis 5.0", "Add support for Sidekiq 7.0", "Update Rack 3.0 instrumentation to support the use of a block with Rack::Builder#run"]
```

We're not putting `v` before version numbers in other entries, so let's drop them here too.

> features: ["Added support for Redis v5.0", "Added support for Sidekiq v7.0", "Updated Rack v3.0 instrumentation to support the use of a block with Rack::Builder#run"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
features: ["Add support for Redis v5.0", "Add support for Sidekiq v7.0", "Update Rack v3.0 instrumentation to support the use of a block with Rack::Builder#run"]
```

> bugs: ["Correctly identify Unicorn, Rainbows, and FastCGI with Rack v3.0", "'add_method_tracer' correctly records code level metric attributes on private methods"]

Reviewer: One more bug: 
* Add :category as a required keyword arg for NewRelic::Agent::Tracer.in_transaction

> bugs: ["Fix the identification of Unicorn, Rainbows, and FastCGI dispatchers with Rack v3.0", "Fix the recording of add_method_tracer code level metric attributes on private methods", "Fix undefined method :category error for NewRelic::Agent::Transaction::Class"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bugs: ["Fix identification of Unicorn, Rainbows, and FastCGI dispatchers with Rack v3.0", "Fix recording of add_method_tracer code level metric attributes on private methods", "Fix undefined method :category error for NewRelic::Agent::Transaction::Class"]
```
